♪ (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
♪ (THEME MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪
♪ (FESTIVE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Happy holidays. boys!
It's time for your
yearly performance review!
First off. Pim and Charlie.
you guys made 126 people
smile this year!
That's seven more
than last year!
That's pretty good!
Yes! How wondrous!
Yeah. that was mostly me.
but that's pretty cool.
And Allan. you've-- you've--
you've done stuff too. right?
Emails. documents. and-- and...
Great job. man.
Thank you. Mastor.
And Glep.
Oh. uh.
looks like he's not here.
Well. I'm sure he's off
working on some
really important stuff.
What is--
What is Glep's job exactly?
Uh. well. he's the...
the...
well. he does a lot
of work. right?
I don't know.
I mean. whenever I see him.
he's just on his iPad
playing games
and watching movies.
Yeah. I thought that
was his job or something.
I was kind of always unsure.
What?
So he just does nothing all day?
Yeah. but I mean.
I thought you knew that.
I mean. you've seen him sitting
on the beanbag before. right?
I... I just thought
he was taking breaks
from working so hard.
Nope.
The lazy bastard
doesn't do anything.
Fuck. man! What the fuck?
This needs to change.
Where is he?
(INDISTINCT CHATTER OVER TABLET)
Yo. Glep.
Huh?
What do you actually
do around here. man?
(SPEAKING GIBBERISH)
No. I'm not
being funny right now. man.
Like. what do you do
at this company?
Can you name one thing?
Wh-- What do you do here?
Name one. One thing.
Why did I even hire you
in the first place. man?
(SPEAKING GIBBERISH ANGRILY)
Oh. you quit?
You can't quit
'cause you're fired!
(YELLING) Get out! Get out!
Get out!
-(PANTS)
-(DOOR SLAMS)
Well. that sucked.
All right. I'mma go
take a dump. (SNIFFS)
-(DOOR SLAMS)
-(MR. BOSS STRAINING)
-(FARTS)
-(PLOPPING)
Oh. Poor Glep.
Yeah. it's going to be weird
in the group chat now.
Oh. yeah. we should kick him.
Sorry. which group chat is that?
Oh. yeah.
it's just like a stupid...
(CHUCKLES)
...group chat we do.
Where it's like...
It's not even that good.
We just send funny stuff
and make each other laugh.
But. yeah. it's not even...
It sucks. It's not even good.
♪ (MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Glep. you spend
too much time at work
and give me no attention
and it make me sad.
I'm going back
to my home country
for the holidays.
(SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
(SOBBING)
-(TIRES SCREECHING)
-(ENGINE REVVING)
REPORTER: (OVER TV)
In other news. there were
50 stabbings today.
-I'm sleeping with my sister.
-(GROANS)
(INDISTINCT COMMENTARY)
SHOOTER: Drop it. drop it.
Don't you fucking dare!
(SIGHS)
♪ (SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
What can I get for you?
(GIBBERISH)
Sure. Can I see some ID?
God damn. man.
You was born in 329 A.D.?
Must have seen
some crazy fucking crap
in your time. dude.
(WIND WHOOSHING)
♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Sir. this thing
was caught stealing apples
from the apple market.
Hmm. an interesting
little critter.
Why should I not kill you now?
(SPEAKING GIBBERISH)
What?
That's the stupidest thing
I've ever seen in my life!
I hate that!
I hate it! I hate it! I hate it!
I'm going insane!
(SCREAMS)
(BODY THUDS)
ONLOOKER 1: Oh. my God!
The Emperor is dead!
ONLOOKER 2: What do we do now?
-(CROWD CLAMORING. SCREAMING)
-(THUD)
(SCREAMING CONTINUES)
-(SCREAMING STOPS)
-(ONLOOKER 3 COUGHING)
Hey. man.
you should probably leave.
-(CROWD CLAMORING)
-♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
That's him right there.
That's the witch.
I saw him do a magic spell
and turn milk into yogurt.
That's the witch.
Kill him!
Any last words. witch?
(COUGHS)
(GAGS)
(CROWD COUGHING)
(CROWD GROANS)
(SPEAKS GIBBERISH)
♪ (MARCHING BAND
MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
-(LAUGHS)
-Dude. dude. Oh. my God. man.
It was so funny.
What was it? It was
like ten or twenty British dudes
or something like that.
Yeah. yeah. dude.
Yeah. about that.
And they came
and they fucking--
Oh. my God. man.
(LAUGHS)
And when they say it.
they're like...
(IN BRITISH ACCENT)
...."Oh. where's my tea?"
-(LAUGHS)
-Or some shit like that.
I was like. "Um. how about no?"
-(ALL LAUGH)
-It was so good.
It was so funny. man.
Yeah. I remember when
he hit the fucking thing
with the thing.
Yeah. yeah. no.
no. that was so funny. man.
That was so funny.
(SPEAKING GIBBERISH)
O...
kay.
Um. who invited him again?
I think it was Ben.
(BEN SNORING)
(GRUNTS) Anyway. I think
I might call it. actually.
I'm getting pretty sleepy.
All right. I'm going
to take off.
-Yeah. I think it's time.
-Yeah. same.
All right. see you later.
-(FIRE CRACKLING)
-(CRICKETS CHIRPING)
Wow. that's crazy.
So. you're saying you went
to space?
No. he didn't
say anything like that.
I don't think
you were listening.
What he was saying is he's been
around for centuries
and he's never been
able to fit in anywhere.
Wait up. man. What the fuck?
You started the bubonic plague?
Huh? You think that's funny?
What the fuck. man? Fuck you!
You're a sick fuck. man.
Look. I liked your story.
but I think it's best
if you leave.
Yeah. that's right.
Leave. motherfucker.
Plague starter.
Go to hell. dude.
Fuck you.
Guys. come on. Can we all
say a prayer for the victims
of the plague. please?
-Yeah. sure.
-(GROUP AGREEING)
(SIGHS)
Heavenly Father. we ask
for your mercy and grace
for the 25 million
plague victims.
♪ (MELANCHOLIC PIANO MUSIC
PLAYING) ♪
-(ENGINE REVVING)
-(BRAKES SQUEAKING)
MR. BOSS: (YELLS)
Fuck. I'm ruined!
(LAUGHS MANIACALLY)
(SOBBING)
Get away from me!
What do you want?
(SPEAKING GIBBERISH)
Oh. you're new here.
Well. guess what. kid?
Nobody gives a damn.
This city will chew you up...
(SPITS) ...and spit you out.
I just lost everything
in a goddamn market crash.
(LAUGHS) I'm so fucked!
(SPEAKING GIBBERISH)
Oh. okay. it's gonna be fine?
Awesome!
Give me one good reason
why I shouldn't pull
the trigger.
♪ (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(SPEAKING GIBBERISH)
♪ (OPTIMISTIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
You just made me smile.
even though my life is terrible.
Wait. that's it!
This is my next business idea!
Making people smile!
We can start a business
that does exactly that!
What do you say?
Yeah.
(ALLAN RED SCREAMING)
Yo. hey. Glep.
(SIGHS)
Look. uh. I may have gone
a little too far
when I fired you.
I was thinking why
we started this business
in the first place.
and it was
because of you. man.
If you wanna sit on the beanbag
and do nothing.
that's fine with me.
That's who you are
and why you're so freaking cool.
Glep.
(SPEAKING GIBBERISH)
No need to apologize. man.
Want to come back?
Yeah.
Yippee!
-Hooray!
-PIM PIMLING: Yay.
Thanks. everyone.
for coming to the supper room
for Christmas dinner!
Gotta use this room more often!
(CHUCKLES)
Father. may I have
some peas. please?
Yes. you may. Son.
Thank you for asking me nicely.
(SMACKS LIPS) Mmm. nutritious.
Wow. you grew up so fast.
(CHUCKLES)
So do you still run around a lot
at home and stuff like that?
No. I haven't run around
in a while.
I just do crypto stuff now.
Oh. cool.
You have gravy all
over your face.
Hey. don't touch me. (GASPS)
Don't ever touch me.
Oh. Glep. I'm so sorry
we had that horrible fight.
To make it up to you.
I made a dish
of my home country.
(DISTORTED CHATTER)
NARRATOR: So. despite being
a weird little green freak
that no one understands.
Glep finally figured out
where he belongs.
Which just goes to show
that no matter
how different we all are.
everyone can get along
with each other.
Except for a certain group
of people.
You know who I'm talking about.
Excuse me?
-What?
-What did you just say?
I was...
Just wrapping up the episode.
You said something
about a certain group of people.
Which group
were you talking about?
A joke-- It was a joke
but it didn't land as much
as I thought.
But doesn't matter.
I guess. uh. you know. whatever.
Whatever. (CHUCKLES)
Cha-cha-cha.
But-- But I'm just curious.
though.
You're not going
to say what group it was?
You don't want
to say what-- which group?
It was the group
that was supposed to--
it was supposed to be
a mind experiment.
-Huh?
-Whoever came to your mind.
But it was a joke.
It doesn't matter.
-It didn't land as much as...
-Just say the group. dude.
Just say what the group is.
Sorry. I'm with Charlie here.
and I don't-- we don't even
know who you are.
Who are you?
How did you get in here?
This is a private event.
♪ (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
We ask that you bring them
to greener pastures
and help them gain way
through the pearly gates
and into an eternal life
of bliss and love.
In Jesus' name.
ALL: Amen.
Bye. Have a great night.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-